Add documentation for upgradeBytes (#936)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/subnets/customize-a-subnet.md

- Genesis
- Precompile
- Chain Configs

> - [Upgrade Configs](#enabling-or-disabling-precompiles-as-network-upgrades) (`upgrade.json`)

Reviewer: Make sure to change the link when the section title is changed.

- `getFeeConfigLastChangedAt` - retrieves the timestamp of the last block where the fee config was updated
- `setFeeConfig` - sets the dynamic fee config on chain (see [here](#fee-config) for details on the fee config parameters)

### Network Upgrades: Enable/Disable Precompiles

Disclaimer: performing a network upgrade requires coordinating the upgrade network-wide. A network upgrade changes the rule set used to process and verify blocks, such that any node that upgrades incorrectly or fails to upgrade by the time that upgrade goes into effect may become out of sync with the rest of the network.

In addition to specifying the configuration for each of the above precompiles in the genesis chain config, they can be individually enabled or disabled at a given timestamp as a network upgrade. Disabling a precompile disables calling the precompile and destructs its storage so it can be enabled at a later timestamp with a different configuration if desired.

These upgrades can be specified in a file named `upgrade.json` placed in the same directory as `config.json` using the following format:

```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "<precompileName>": {

>         "blockTimestamp": 100, // timestamp precompile should activate at

Reviewer: is this unix timestamp? If so, we should put in better example value such as 1658944144

Author: They are unix timestamps.

Reviewer: Let me update the doc with better examples.

Reviewer: Done

- `getFeeConfigLastChangedAt` - retrieves the timestamp of the last block where the fee config was updated
- `setFeeConfig` - sets the dynamic fee config on chain (see [here](#fee-config) for details on the fee config parameters)

> ### Network Upgrades: Enable/Disable Precompiles

Reviewer: Should this section be the same level as that of Precompiles (with ## instead of ###)? @aaronbuchwald @darioush

Author: Since this section refers to precompiles I left it with `###` though since it is referenced at the top we can make it `##` for consistency.

Reviewer: Done

Subnet-EVM contains example contracts for precompiles under `/contract-examples`. It's a hardhat project with tests, tasks. For more information see [contract examples README](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/tree/master/contract-examples#subnet-evm-contracts).

> ### Enabling or disabling precompiles as network upgrades

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Network Upgrades: Enable/Disable Precompiles
```

> In addition to specifying the configuration for each of the above precompiles in the genesis chain config, they can be individually enabled or disabled at a given timestamp as a network upgrade. Disabling a precompile disables calling the precompile and destructs its storage so it can be enabled at a later timestamp with a different configuration if desired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disclaimer: performing a network upgrade requires coordinating the upgrade network-wide. A network upgrade changes the rule set used to process and verify blocks, such that any node that upgrades incorrectly or fails to upgrade by the time that upgrade goes into effect may become out of sync with the rest of the network.

In addition to specifying the configuration for each of the above precompiles in the genesis chain config, they can be individually enabled or disabled at a given timestamp as a network upgrade. Disabling a precompile disables calling the precompile and destructs its storage so it can be enabled at a later timestamp with a different configuration if desired.
```

These upgrades can be specified in a file named `upgrade.json` placed in the same directory as `config.json` using the following format:
```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "<precompileName>": {

>         "blockTimestamp": 0,        // timestamp precompile should activate at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "blockTimestamp": 100,        // timestamp precompile should activate at
```

        "precompileOption": "value" // precompile specific configuration options, eg. "adminAddresses"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

To disable a precompile, the following format should be used:
```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "<precompileName>": {
        "blockTimestamp": 100, // timestamp the precompile should deactivate at
        "disable": true, 
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Each item in `precompileUpgrades` must specify exactly one precompile to enable or disable and the block timestamps must be in increasing order. Once an upgrade has been activated (a block after the specified timestamp has been accepted), it must always be present in `upgrade.json` exactly as it was configured at the time of activation  (otherwise the node will refuse to start).

> Upgrades may be removed from `upgrade.json` or modified prior to the associated `blockTimestamp`. However, it is recommended to treat `precompileUpgrades` as append-only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabling and disabling a precompile is a network upgrade and should always be done with caution. As a worst-case scenario/backup measure, a network upgrade that has not been activated is still safe to abort since the chain is still processing blocks using the prior rule set.

As a best practice, it's recommended to treat `precompileUpgrades` as always append only.

If aborting an upgrade becomes necessary, you can remove the precompile upgrade from `upgrade.json` from the end of the list of upgrades. As long as the blockchain has not accepted a block with a timestamp past that upgrade's timestamp, it will abort the upgrade for that node.
```

Strengthening the language a little bit here

Subnet-EVM contains example contracts for precompiles under `/contract-examples`. It's a hardhat project with tests, tasks. For more information see [contract examples README](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/tree/master/contract-examples#subnet-evm-contracts).

## Network Upgrades: Enable/Disable Precompiles

:::warning

> Performing a network upgrade requires coordinating the upgrade network-wide. A network upgrade changes the rule set used to process and verify blocks, such that any node that upgrades incorrectly or fails to upgrade by the time that upgrade goes into effect may become out of sync with the rest of the network.

Reviewer 3: I would add something here about the network halting and becoming difficult to recover if you make a mistake here.

:::

In addition to specifying the configuration for each of the above precompiles in the genesis chain config, they can be individually enabled or disabled at a given timestamp as a network upgrade. Disabling a precompile disables calling the precompile and destructs its storage so it can be enabled at a later timestamp with a different configuration if desired.

> These upgrades can be specified in a file named `upgrade.json` placed in the same directory as [`config.json`](#chain-configs) using the following format:

Reviewer 3: Do we print anything during startup that says which upgrades are configured and/or have an API to check? I imagine some people will put this in the wrong place.

Author: The chain config will be [printed](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/pull/148/files#diff-10ff00a15ef58da7485fedeca3906c73cb236fde4b143a9d61601c63cbf1ffe8R144) during startup which includes the precompiles

    {
      "<precompileName>": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668950000, // unix timestamp precompile should activate at
        "precompileOption": "value" // precompile specific configuration options, eg. "adminAddresses"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

To disable a precompile, the following format should be used:

```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "<precompileName>": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668950000, // unix timestamp the precompile should deactivate at
        "disable": true
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Each item in `precompileUpgrades` must specify exactly one precompile to enable or disable and the block timestamps must be in increasing order. Once an upgrade has been activated (a block after the specified timestamp has been accepted), it must always be present in `upgrade.json` exactly as it was configured at the time of activation (otherwise the node will refuse to start).

Enabling and disabling a precompile is a network upgrade and should always be done with caution. As a worst-case scenario/backup measure, a network upgrade that has not been activated is still safe to abort since the chain is still processing blocks using the prior rule set.

> As a best practice, it's recommended to treat `precompileUpgrades` as always append only.

Reviewer 3: I would use stronger wording and put it in a "red box". Something like, "You should always append-only".

If aborting an upgrade becomes necessary, you can remove the precompile upgrade from `upgrade.json` from the end of the list of upgrades. As long as the blockchain has not accepted a block with a timestamp past that upgrade's timestamp, it will abort the upgrade for that node.

Example:

```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "feeManagerConfig": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668950000,
        "adminAddresses": ["0x8db97C7cEcE249c2b98bDC0226Cc4C2A57BF52FC"]
      }
    },
    {
      "txAllowListConfig": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668960000,
        "adminAddresses": ["0x8db97C7cEcE249c2b98bDC0226Cc4C2A57BF52FC"]
      }
    },
    {
      "feeManagerConfig": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668970000,
        "disable": true
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

This example enables the `feeManagerConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668950000`, enables `txAllowListConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668960000`, and disables `feeManagerConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668970000`.

> 

Reviewer 3: Add a note about the storage space being wiped when disabled. If you re-enable, you need to re-config.

> This example enables the `feeManagerConfig` at the block immediately after timestamp `1668950000`, enables `txAllowListConfig` at the block immediately after timestamp `1668960000`, and disables `feeManagerConfig` at the block immediately after timestamp `1668970000`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example enables the `feeManagerConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668950000`, enables `txAllowListConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668960000`, and disables `feeManagerConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668970000`.
```

Subnet-EVM contains example contracts for precompiles under `/contract-examples`. It's a hardhat project with tests, tasks. For more information see [contract examples README](https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/tree/master/contract-examples#subnet-evm-contracts).

## Network Upgrades: Enable/Disable Precompiles

:::warning

Performing a network upgrade requires coordinating the upgrade network-wide. A network upgrade changes the rule set used to process and verify blocks, such that any node that upgrades incorrectly or fails to upgrade by the time that upgrade goes into effect may become out of sync with the rest of the network.

Any mistakes in configuring network upgrades or coordinating them on validators may cause the network to halt and recovering may be difficult.

:::

> In addition to specifying the configuration for each of the above precompiles in the genesis chain config, they can be individually enabled or disabled at a given timestamp as a network upgrade. Disabling a precompile disables calling the precompile and destructs its storage so it can be enabled at a later timestamp with a different configuration if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to specifying the configuration for each of the above precompiles in the genesis chain config, they can be individually enabled or disabled at a given timestamp as a network upgrade. Disabling a precompile disables calling the precompile and destructs its storage so it can be enabled at a later timestamp with a news configuration if desired.
```

:::

If aborting an upgrade becomes necessary, you can remove the precompile upgrade from `upgrade.json` from the end of the list of upgrades. As long as the blockchain has not accepted a block with a timestamp past that upgrade's timestamp, it will abort the upgrade for that node.

### Example

```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "feeManagerConfig": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668950000,
        "adminAddresses": ["0x8db97C7cEcE249c2b98bDC0226Cc4C2A57BF52FC"]
      }
    },
    {
      "txAllowListConfig": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668960000,
        "adminAddresses": ["0x8db97C7cEcE249c2b98bDC0226Cc4C2A57BF52FC"]
      }
    },
    {
      "feeManagerConfig": {
        "blockTimestamp": 1668970000,
        "disable": true
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

This example enables the `feeManagerConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668950000`, enables `txAllowListConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668960000`, and disables `feeManagerConfig` at the first block with timestamp >= `1668970000`.

> When the precompile is disabled, its storage will be wiped so it is necessary to re-apply the desired configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a disabled precompile has taken effect after its `blockTimestamp` has passed, its storage will be wiped. If you want to reenable it, you will need to treat it as a new configuration.
```
@darioush how do you think about this?

Author: How about:

When a precompile disable takes effect (ie., after its `blockTimestamp` has passed), its storage will be wiped. If you want to reenable it, you will need to treat it as a new configuration.

Reviewer: Great

```

To disable a precompile, the following format should be used:

```json
{
  "precompileUpgrades": [
    {
      "<precompileName>": {
        "blockTimestamp": 100, // timestamp the precompile should deactivate at

>         "disable": true

Author: nice catch
